<h1 style="text-align: center">What is Good Web Writing?</h1>
<p style="text-align: center">From Redish’s chapter 8, headlines are a big deal when having good web writing skills. You most definitely want to have a clear headline (“not cute” as Redish states, 158) and you want to have your headline pertain to your audience. You don’t want a headline that doesn’t “use your sites words”, or that’s too short in length (Redish, 158). You want a headline that reads BIG, and bold and that’s easy to remember if you need to refer back. Usually your headline will be a link to the article or page so you want it to be somewhat descriptive. Redish says you should have 7-12 words in your header as an ideal length (160), and being descriptive this should also tell you about how lengthy to make your headline descriptive. Medium lengths work well because they “use more keywords that the site visitors are looking for and search engines can match” (Redish, 160). The more keywords you have, the better description it gives.</p>
<p style="text-align: center">Useful headings are important because they are much like a summary, or snack, portion of the sites information. It also helps the site visitor “get the gist… [and] find just the section they need” (Redish, 165) rather than skimming and skimming for information that doesn’t pertain to what they really want to be looking at. For example, if you look at MayoClinic.org and you type in a virus in that I was talking about, let’s say varicella. To most of you, you have no idea what varicella is. So you go on Mayo and you type in “varicella” the first heading that pops up is “Measles, mumps, rubella and Varicella…”. Okay, that’s what I’m looking for (good keywords). Then when you click it, you scroll down and skim to where you see “Varicella is commonly known as chickenpox.…” Then you could click and learn more about varicella or just simply search chicken pox and get all the information you need about varicella. Easy peezy.</p>
<p style="text-align: center">I think web writing is very similar to everyday writing because every published book, article, page, etcetera will have a heading, headlines, and then the context and everything that goes in it. For example, if you look at Redish’s book page 73 chapter 4, she has a heading “Starting Well: Home Pages”, a headline “People get to the information on websites in many ways, as this illustration shows.” along with a short summary at the bottom, and then she starts her chapter. To compare with a web example, HumaneSociety.org, it gives you a heading “The Humane Society”, if you click on animals it gives you the headline, and then it gives you the summary and meal. I think web writing is very similar to everyday writing because its just another tactic to converse with an audience.

 </p>
